Technical review: Document crash reporting api (#43791)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/crashreport/index.md

---
title: CrashReport
slug: Web/API/CrashReport
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.ReportingObserver.ReportingObserver.options_parameter.types_property.crash
---

{{APIRef("Reporting API")}}

The `CrashReport` dictionary of the [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) represents a crash report.

## Instance properties

> - `age`

Reviewer: FYI I don't/haven't documented the age and user agent properties - normally I document all the others and then here say  "same for server version but also has ...".

Author: Yeah, I know. I did it this way because, in this case, the report type isn't retrieved via reporting observers, so the comparison can't be made.

Reviewer: Works for me. Shouldn't they be alphabetic ordering? I'm "OK "with this being an exception since this is the order it is serialized, but my preference is to do it the same as all other APIs

Author: I've updated the order to put the top-level props alphabetically, except for `body`, which is at the end. Inside `body`, I've put the sub-props alphabetically. I think it's easier to read with `body` at the end like this.

Reviewer: In cases like this I tend to just follow the alphabetic rule. I do agree with you though, so not requiring a fix. I won't be surprised if tooling or someone else update it in future though.

  - : The age of the report in milliseconds.
- `type`

>   - : The string `"crash"` indicating that this is a deprecation report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The string `"crash"` indicating that this is a crash report.
```

    - `stack` {{experimental_inline}} {{optional_inline}}
      - : A string representing the JavaScript call stack at the time of the crash. This is included if the `reason` is `unresponsive`, if the `Document-Policy` value for `include-js-call-stacks-in-crash-reports` in the document that crashed is `true`, and if the call stack was able to be recovered from the crashed document.
    - `is_top_level` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : A boolean indicating whether the crashed document was a top-level document (`true`) or an embedded document (`false`).
    - `visibility_state` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : An enumerated value indicating whether the document is visible. This mirrors the value of the {{domxref("Document.visibilityState")}} property. Possible values are:
        - `visible`
          - : The document content is at least partially visible.
        - `hidden`
          - : The document content is completely hidden.
    - `crash_report_api` {{experimental_inline}} {{optional_inline}}
      - : An object containing the key-value pairs set via the {{domxref("CrashReportContext.set()")}} method, if any.

## Description

> The [Crash Reporting API](https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting) extension to the [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) specifies a mechanism allowing arbitrary information to be recorded and made available in crash reports. This is useful because we can store detailed diagnostic information throughout the lifetime of an application and use the crash reports to debug crashes more effectively.

Reviewer: "The [Crash Reporting API](https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting) extension to the" is unusual. MDN doesn't recognise extensions like this or link direct to spec - that would be added to browser compat or a spec url. For this I would do

```suggestion
Crash reports containing arbitrary information can be sent to a server endpoint using the [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) .
This is useful because we can store detailed diagnostic information throughout the lifetime of an application and use the reports to debug crashes more effectively.
```

> The information is stored in a special key-value store, manipulated using the document's {{domxref("CrashReportContext")}} object, which is accessed via the {{domxref("Window.crashReport")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagnostic information is stored in a special key-value store that can be manipulated using the document's {{domxref("CrashReportContext")}} object. 
This is accessed via the {{domxref("Window.crashReport")}} property.
```

When the browser crashes, the information stored in the key-value store is added to a {{domxref("CrashReport")}} and sent to the default [reporting server endpoint](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API#reporting_server_endpoints), if it is defined. The reporting server endpoint and its mapping to a particular URL are set using the {{httpheader("Reporting-Endpoints")}} header.

> [!NOTE]

> > It is not possible to retrieve {{domxref("CrashReport")}}s using a {{domxref("ReportingObserver")}}.

Reviewer: It is worth saying why, and I would put this as a note up in the description - i.e. this only supports server reports.

Author: Good call; I've updated the note to:

> [!NOTE]
> It is not possible to retrieve {{domxref("CrashReport")}}s using a {{domxref("ReportingObserver")}} — the reports are only generated when the browser crashes, at which point the observer code isn't available to run.

I didn't understand the second part of this sentence — the note is in the description already.

Reviewer: The note update is good. I'm suggesting this is important enough to move it below the introductory sentence at the top of the page, rather than here. Mostly because this behaviour is a real outlier for the interface.

Author: Ah, gotcha! Yup, that makes sense; I've moved the note up top as suggested.

## Examples

### Sending a report to a reporting endpoint

> Configuring a web page to send a crash report requires that you set a [reporting server endpoint](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API#reporting_server_endpoints) named "default" using the {{httpheader("Reporting-Endpoints")}} header, for example `https://example.com/default`.

Reviewer: Permissions-Policy is similar -https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43783 - I nearly got this in. Reason I bring tihs up is that it would be good to follow the same pattern here in terms of the link to the new heading (added in that PR) for the default reporting endpoint.

Reviewer: I'm on other stuff today - this was fly-by. It looks good, but is different than the others so I will need to look at this in detail on Friday.

Can you tell me how you induced a crash for testing? I have my own test code for this and would like to add it https://github.com/hamishwillee/various_webapi_tests/tree/main/ReportingAPI

Author: > Permissions-Policy is similar -#43783 - I nearly got this in. Reason I bring tihs up is that it would be good to follow the same pattern here in terms of the link to the new heading (added in that PR) for the default reporting endpoint.

Makes sense. I've updated the links in the next commit.

Author: > Can you tell me how you induced a crash for testing? I have my own test code for this and would like to add it https://github.com/hamishwillee/various_webapi_tests/tree/main/ReportingAPI

I didn't actually test it; I just trusted the explainer. I intended to ask the engineers for a test case rather than write my own, to save a bit of time.

Reviewer: I can't trigger OOM, but it is possible to trigger an unresponsive message on Chrome. The following is what I got out of [my crash here](https://github.com/hamishwillee/various_webapi_tests/tree/main/ReportingAPI). If you want to try it you need to install Caddy and run it from ReportingAPI with `npm run start:crash`

```
[0] [
[0]   {
[0]     age: 5,
[0]     body: {
[0]       crash_report_api: { 'test-scenario': 'unresponsive-trigger' },
[0]       is_top_level: true,
[0]       reason: 'unresponsive',
[0]       stack: 'Website owner has not opted in for JS call stacks in crash reports.',
[0]       visibility_state: 'visible'
[0]     },
[0]     type: 'crash',
[0]     url: 'https://localhost:8443/',
[0]     user_agent: 'Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/147.0.0.0 Safari/537.36'
[0]   }
[0] ]
```

    - `visibility_state` {{experimental_inline}}
      - : An enumerated value indicating whether the document is visible. This mirrors the value of the {{domxref("Document.visibilityState")}} property. Possible values are:
        - `visible`
          - : The document content is at least partially visible.
        - `hidden`
          - : The document content is completely hidden.

## Description

Crash reports containing arbitrary information can be sent to a server endpoint using the [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) .
This is useful because we can store detailed diagnostic information throughout the lifetime of an application and use the reports to debug crashes more effectively.

The diagnostic information is stored in a special key-value store that can be manipulated using the document's {{domxref("CrashReportContext")}} object.
This is accessed via the {{domxref("Window.crashReport")}} property.

> When the browser crashes, the information stored in the key-value store is added to a `CrashReport` and sent to the [default reporting server endpoint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Reporting-Endpoints#default_reporting_endpoint), if it is defined. The reporting server endpoint and its mapping to a particular URL are set using the {{httpheader("Reporting-Endpoints")}} header.

Reviewer: @chrisdavidmills Last thing, just discovered that this needs to be updated. See spec: https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting/#delivery-priority

Basically there are two possible endpoints `crash-reporting` or `default`, used in that order. We need to documnt this (i.e.  `crash-reporting` ). 

Also, below in the first example, we should show this being set.

```http
Reporting-Endpoints: crash-reporting="https://example.com/reports"
```

Note /reports endpoint might be better, if it can be used.

Author: Added!
